================================================================================
DOCUMENT: 19AQMM25Q0273_CAMP_AMEND 003_FE.pdf
Pages: 49 | Characters: 107655
================================================================================

19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 1 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS Department of State Consular Appointment Management Platform (CAMP) 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 2 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS SUPPLIES AND SERVICES GENERAL The Department of State aims to leverage digital service techniques to advance the development of the minimum viable product (MVP) for the Consular Affairs Management Platform (CAMP) through the implementation and continuous delivery of CAMP’s established product roadmap. Enhancement efforts focus on understanding customer demand and, in alignment with this demand, appropriately prioritizing development efforts to meet world-class technical, security, and cybersecurity standards. Additionally, these efforts should ensure the provision of a streamlined and efficient customer and user experience. The Department intends to issue a single task order against GSA schedule category 54151S, Information Technology Professional Services TASK ORDER TYPE a) The Government intends to utilize a hybrid task order with firm-fixed-price per sprint (FFPPS), Time and Materials (T&M), and cost reimbursement line items, to the maximum extent practicable. b) The Government will neither supervise Contractor employees nor control the method by which the Contractor performs the required tasks. The Contractor shall manage its employees and guard against any actions that are of the nature of personal services or give the perception of personal services. This task order shall not be used to perform any inherently governmental functions. c) The offeror shall provide the labor categories, estimated hours, hourly rate and CLIN totals for the task order period of performance. The Government reserves the right to order above or below the quantities, limited only by the task order ceiling price. TASK ORDER LINE-ITEM NUMBER (CLIN) STRUCTURE The offeror shall submit pricing by completing the provided pricing template spreadsheet Attachment 2_CAMP_Pricing Template. BASE YEAR - 12 Months CLIN Description Quantity Unit Unit Price Extended Price 001 Agile Delivery Team (FFPPS) • Project Manager Team • Product Design Team • Engineering Team • DevOps Team Sprint $0.00 $0.00 002 On Call Support Team (T&M) 1 Not-to- Exceed $0.00 $0.00 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 3 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS 003 Travel 1 Lot $50,000.00 $50,000.00 004 Other Direct Costs (Cost Reimbursable) 1 Lot $10,000.00 $10,000.00 005 OPTIONAL_Agile Delivery Team • Project Manager Team • Product Design Team • Engineering Team • DevOps Team Sprint $0.00 $0.00 OPTION YEAR 1 - 12 Months CLIN Description Quantity Unit Unit Price Extended Price 1001 Agile Delivery Team (FFPPS) • Project Manager Team • Product Design Team • Engineering Team • DevOps Team Sprint $0.00 $0.00 1002 On Call Support Team (T&M) 1 Not-to- Exceed $0.00 $0.00 1003 Travel 1 Lot $50,000.00 $50,000.00 1004 Other Direct Costs (Cost Reimbursable) 1 Lot $10,000.00 $10,000.00 1005 OPTIONAL_Agile Delivery Team • Project Manager Team • Product Design Team • Engineering Team • DevOps Team Sprint $0.00 $0.00 OPTION YEAR 2 - 12 Months CLIN Description Quantity Unit Unit Price Extended Price 2001 Agile Delivery Team (FFPPS) • Project Manager Team • Product Design Team • Engineering Team • DevOps Team Sprint $0.00 $0.00 2002 On Call Support Team (T&M) 1 Not-to- Exceed $0.00 $0.00 2003 Travel 1 Lot $50,000.00 $50,000.00 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 4 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS 2004 Other Direct Costs (Cost Reimbursable) 1 Lot $10,000.00 $10,000.00 2005 OPTIONAL_Agile Delivery Team • Project Manager Team • Product Design Team • Engineering Team • DevOps Team Sprint $0.00 $0.00 STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVES BACKGROUND The Bureau of Consular Affairs (CA), within the U.S. Department of State (DOS), is charged with protecting and assisting United States (U.S.) citizens abroad, issuing passports to U.S. citizens, and issuing immigrant and non-immigrant visas to foreign nationals according to the laws of the U.S. Government. Consular Affairs has mission critical information technology (IT) resources that support 300+ consular locations including approximately 230 overseas posts, 29 domestic Passport agencies, 2 domestic Visa processing centers, and an array of information, book/card print, passport centers, DOS annexes, and contractor sites. Department of State supports approximately 10,000 worldwide clients, to include 1,200 CA customers at various locations in the National Capitol Region (NCR). Department of State develops, deploys, and supports complex IT solutions to automate the functions from concept to product, including research, design, development, testing, and launch. The Department of State also develops and implements standards for the Bureau's enterprise architecture (EA), maintains the Consular Consolidated Database (CCD) for real-time access to visa and passport records worldwide, monitors data quality, and ensures system architecture meets current and projected requirements, applying leading-edge technology solutions for systems' performance and security. PROBLEM In September 2024, the Department of State began development of the minimum viable product (MVP) necessary to address scheduling needs across all elements of the CA including, but not limited to, provision of other services as defined to American citizens overseas, and provision of visa services to nationals of other countries, whether located domestically or overseas, and scheduling related to events such as crisis response. CA intends to launch the MVP of this product, the Consular Appointment Management Platform (CAMP), during calendar year 2026. The CAMP undertaking is in response to multiple scheduling solutions in use within CA, each managed by different groups and leveraging different technologies, and each limited in their capacity and capability to meet the needs of the many posts and consulates requiring scheduling support. Each of these solutions has a different user experience, capability set, and varying challenges presented to DoS users. These capability differences require additional training as 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 5 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS consular officers change duty locations and leave them with different experiences and challenges to manage. In many posts, significant effort is required by local staff and consular officers to work around limitations of these solutions. Often, manual scheduling consumes significant time for staff at posts. There are three legacy scheduling solutions currently in place. These solutions have varying capabilities and marginally meet the requirements of CA users in the field. Now that the MVP of CAMP is nearing its agreed upon “definition of done,” and with contractor support of the CAMP MVP nearing the end of its task order, this SOO contemplates the enhancement of the CAMP MVP through the implementation and continuous delivery of CAMP’s established product roadmap, represented in part by sections 2.0 and 3.0. Through the Agile methodology, enhancement efforts should seek to understand customer demand for (and, consistent with demand, appropriately prioritize) a world-class technical, security, and cybersecurity standards and also to provide a streamlined customer and user experience. SCOPE Product development going forward should focus on enhancing the customer experience for American Citizen Service (ACS) scheduling, develop the Non-immigration Visa (NIV) and Immigrant Visa (IV) scheduling functionality, and develop crisis management scheduling functionality. It should also enhance the consular-facing resource and capacity scheduling capabilities of CAMP. These objectives may evolve over time, however work should align to the successful practices outlined in the Digital Services Playbook (https://playbook.usds.gov/) and will focus on the following key areas of opportunity: • Awareness and User Growth o Integration with travel.state.gov (TSG)  U.S. citizens will discover CAMP via TSG. Objectives include providing a seamless user experience between the applications. • Integrity of appointments o Prevention and/or identification of Fraudulent Appointments  There are many ways users can schedule fraudulent appointments. Consular officers’ day to day will be simplified by not having to deal with this problem. o Reduce no show rates  By helping reduce no show rates, the post staff will have an easier time planning out the appointment allocation for the next couple of months. PRODUCT VISION The following product vision statement reflects where the Product Team is today and acknowledges that there are numerous individual goals and objectives the team could pursue in order to fulfill this vision. Should conditions ultimately require, CA and the Contractor will collaborate to refine this vision, the pursuit strategy, and the value proposition for the public. Vision: This appointment scheduling solution will be easy to use and intuitive for both the public and consular schedulers, flexible to meet all the current and future appointment scheduling needs of all the different consular services, provides consistent capabilities and experiences to all posts and services, and reduces burden of consular schedule management. The short-term product vision is to have CAMP replace the legacy systems posts are using for American Citizen 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 6 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS Services (ACS) scheduling. The longer term product vision is to have CAMP also schedule Non- Immigrant Visa (NIV) and Immigrant Visa (IV) appointments. Unlike the many appointment systems being used within CA, our solution will be the one and only scheduling system that will be linked within travel.state.gov (TSG). Key Results Anticipated Improve operational efficiency • Decrease the time spent by staff on appointment scheduling tasks. • Decrease the no-show rate for appointments. • Provide consular staff with tools that allow them to analyze their appointment allocations and demand in order to make operational decisions and quickly measure their wait time. Enhance user experience satisfaction • Public customers are able to schedule an appointment in less than five minutes. • Public customers are able to navigate easily to the appointment system. • Achieve a 90% satisfaction rate among customers regarding the use of CAMP. Accessibility • Application passes 100% of Section 508 compliance testing. • Reduced use of jargon and deployment of plain language to reduce cognitive burden on users, achieving a 5th grade reading level. • Improved screen reader compatibility and overall compliance with evolving accessibility guidelines (e.g., WCAG 2.2 success criteria). • Support Spanish language, and additional languages as prioritized through research. OBJECTIVES Backlog The set of preliminary user stories set forth below will be the starting point for the development of software to be provided under this task order. These preliminary user stories are provided only for illustrative purposes, and do not comprise the full scope or detail of the project. The Department of State expects that the Contractor will work closely with the Product Owner(s) to perform regular user research and usability testing and to develop and prioritize a full gamut of user stories as the project progresses. Individual user stories may be modified, added, retracted, or reprioritized by Department of State at any time, and the Department expects that the user stories will be continuously refined during the development process. • As a visa applicant, I want to schedule an appointment via CAMP, so that I can continue to process of getting a visa. • As a visa applicant, I want to easily create an account, so that I can access all my appointments. • As a DoS CAMP user, I want to log into CAMP Admin page via OKTA, so that I can easily log in for day to day use. • As a consular officer, I want to efficiently open up and manage appointment slots for visas, so that I can manage the workload of my team. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 7 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS • As a government manager, I want to view a reports dashboard, so that I can have insight into how appointment metrics worldwide. • As a consular officer, I want to ensure only applicants with valid DS-160 forms to schedule appointments, so that slots will be only filled by valid applicants. • As an applicant, I want to pay any fees via Pay.gov, so that I can smoothly complete my application. • As a crisis task force manager, I want to manage appointment slots, so that volunteers can sign up for a timeslot. • Crisis management functionality as defined during the discovery process with stakeholders. • Ability to set default views. For example, in a multi-post mission where the user can select from multiple different posts, there should be a way they can select a default post that always appears when they first log into the system. • Ability to search the appointment system for applicants using any data point in the applicant profile (including credit card information). • User roles for LE staff and cleared Americans. Only cleared Americans should be able to approve/deny emergency requests for NIV applicants. • Ability for post to set and change the number of times an applicant is able to reschedule. • Ability to collect different data points from the applicant’s profile, customize those data points (i.e., different posts collect different data points), and use those data points to filter emergency requests and automatically route applicants into different appointment categories and/or the interview waiver process. • System shall provide posts to configure various aspects of the system to their specific needs. These post specific needs will be identified during discovery sessions. • System shall allow super admins to make global configuration changes. These global configuration changes will be identified during discovery sessions. • System shall provide on-demand auditability reports of canceled and rescheduled appointments of applicants • System shall make NIV canceled slots available for re-booking within twenty-four (24) hours, unless directed otherwise by post managers. However, canceled NIV appointments shall not be released immediately for rebooking for a minimum of three (3) hours in order to prevent reselling of appointments. • System shall ensure that it is clear to both post managers and customers what date the next available appointment is at an individual post and all posts within a country mission. • System shall identify, track, and report on applicants who do not appear for their scheduled interview at posts (i.e. no-show cases). Tasks to be Performed The contractor shall perform work on the user stories described above to further progress toward, continuously re-evaluate, and continually achieve the Product Vision. This work shall be done within these generally accepted modern design, project management, and software engineering practices: • Working in conjunction with the federal Product Owner and the CA team, the contractor shall conduct discovery work around the needs of CAMP users. CAMP internal 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 8 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS customers include different groups of CA stakeholders, who will perform tasks ranging from business analytics to fraud prevention. CAMP must have observability, visibility, and transparency for its customers. CAMP-emitted data must be consumable by and meet the needs of its customers. The contractor shall utilize HCD techniques to design approaches to meeting these needs in the most impactful manner possible. • The contractor shall: o Conduct desk research, including reviewing user research conducted prior to the beginning of this contract. o Conduct research into relevant users’ processes, systems, and policies to understand their needs, pain points, and goals. o Ensure diverse groups of users are represented throughout the development process, capturing feedback from a broad set of stakeholders. o Synthesize research and create design artifacts that are appropriate for multiple audiences and appropriate for the research findings (e.g., design artifact represents the complexity of the process or system). o Engage in research activities with/share research findings with engineers, project managers, product owners, CA stakeholders, and other relevant parties. o Iteratively prototype and test design concepts with end users and incorporate feedback from end users into designs. o Research explores and accounts for accessibility. Shipped product(s) meet Section 508 requirements as well as account for and meet the varied needs and abilities of users. Work collaboratively with developers to ship the product (e.g., consult with developers through the design process to determine feasibility, provide design prototypes and interaction design notes, conduct design QA, etc.). o Create and track metrics to measure effectiveness of product(s) delivered. o Contribute to the development of the product vision, product roadmap(s), and product backlog(s). Work with product owner to prioritize feature development based on user research findings. o Utilize modern methodologies and tools when conducting research (e.g., interviews, contextual inquiry, remote usability testing, etc.) and designing prototypes o When relevant, analyze opportunities for users to better leverage existing systems. o When relevant, analyze opportunities for leveraging open-source tools as part of the technology stack. o Ensure new features are expandable and extensible to meet ongoing needs of the Federal government and applicants. • When appropriate, use an API-centric approach. Often this means systems should be tiered, with a backend that exposes needed functionality via secure documented REST APIs, and front-end UIs then use those UIs to expose tools to users. • Use of CA’s GitLab as the code repository, with a pull request review process • Use of common Open Source Software (OSS) components, where possible. • Testing integrated into the project: Unit testing, automated integration, component and integration testing, designed to minimize escaped defects into the Production system. • Use of an issue/ticket system • Implement code management processes, security, Section 508 compliance, privacy, or any relevant federal/DOS -specific policies that need to be incorporated in order to 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 9 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS release the product in a live environment • Production operations within an Authority to Operate (ATO), which may be able to be inherited from other systems but also may require additional ATO activities. This will include security reviews embedded as an engineering practice, at design-time and PR- review-time as appropriate, and automated static analysis security testing, etc., as specified by the ATO. To ensure security, all dependencies should be upgraded to and kept on recent versions. All known security vulnerabilities must be addressed with urgency in respect to their severity. • Maintenance and operation of test and production systems as needed • Provider user training, documentation, websites, and videos as necessary. • Develop project documentation, such as playbooks, how-to docs, design docs, presentations. Store in open source, unless the documents contain cybersecurity related info. • Development of command line tools for common utility work on the system • Cloud based Infrastructure-as-Code style DevSecOps • Active monitoring of useful system quality and user satisfaction metrics and actively responding to problem indications. • Agile development process with potential priority changes on a two-week cycle, with typical agile ceremonies. Support with typical agile artifacts and ceremonies. • Deployments to production at least once every sprint, or more often, to the maximum extent possible. • Automate activities (i.e., testing, builds, release processes) to the maximum extent possible. • Dependencies should be upgraded to and kept on recent versions. Detected security vulnerabilities must be addressed with urgency in respect to their severity • Provide customer-centric product support • Ensure that the concept of “ownership” of the system, which is to mean the successful transition of true responsibility for the care and feeding of the system, is transferred from the outgoing contractor to the incoming contractor(s) both at the beginning of the task order and at the end. This would generally be finalized during the 2nd sprint of the transition period. See Transition tasks below for more details. • Write reliable code and operate a reliable system that runs 24x7. See Operations tasks below for more details. Retrospectives Following an agreed upon cadence, the government and contractor team shall conduct a joint review of the current project and identify any improvement actions. These tasks shall include: • Conduct a project retrospective activity that analyzes data gathered during performance around goals, timeline, budget, major events, and success or failures • Determine what roadblocks were mitigated and which ones still exist that need to be addressed. • Provide or update the Product Roadmap for scaling the product through continuous design and agile processes • Ensure all system documentation, user stories, acceptance criteria and test scripts are 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 10 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS finalized and delivered to the Government. Operations and Transition The Contractor shall collaborate closely with the Department of State’s Service Operations (SO) team and the newly established AWS Platform Services team, BESPIN, to operate and maintain the CAMP web application. This marks a significant shift from the on-premise infrastructure to a cloud-based and DevSecOps-driven approach. By leveraging AWS cloud services, the teams shall embrace a more agile, collaborative operating model that enhances system resilience, scalability, and security. The Contractor shall lead development and deployment efforts, coordinating with BESPIN to ensure seamless integration with AWS services and leveraging DevSecOps practices to embed security throughout the software lifecycle. The SO team will oversee cloud operations, optimizing performance, and troubleshooting in conjunction with BESPIN. This new model enables faster response times, continuous improvements, and more robust security measures, aligning with the Department’s mission to provide secure, reliable services to citizens. To affect a smooth transition and provide detailed information on the operation of all deliverables; training of new personnel (contractor or Government) during transition period, in all system operation and maintenance functions; appropriate close-out of outstanding technical and related work and delivery of all necessary documentation for future development, operations, and maintenance. Additionally, to prepare the Government Product Team(s), within the DevSecOps model, the Contractor shall equip the Product Team(s) to maintain and operate necessary environment(s) for the CAMP product including, but not limited to, the following environments: • Development • Testing • Staging The Contractor shall ensure that all software associated with maintaining and operating the product is delivered and tracked on approved version control systems. The Contractor shall ensure all Service Level Agreements are met and that the product functions correctly over the course of the Transition-Out period. Operations Tasks The contractor shall, at a minimum, perform the following Operations Tasks: • Provide non-production environment support during normal business hours (8 am – 6 pm EST). • Provide production support for product issues during normal business hours (8 am – 6 pm EST). • Tier 1 support will be performed by the IT Service Desk. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 11 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS • Tier 2 and 3 will be performed by the contractor. • Rollout CAMP to posts overseas. o Provide onboarding support to posts (may include travel to posts). o Work with Training team to produce training materials (webinars, user guides, etc.) • Work collaboratively with support-related stakeholders including, but not limited to, call centers, customer service platforms, and other teams as needed. • Monitor system, network, application, database logs, and SLA metrics via approved monitoring tools and provide a real-time dashboard available to all program stakeholders. • Write, implement, and monitor synthetic monitoring scripts for infrastructure and applications. • Provide external systems integration support through configuring, testing, and documenting the integration. • Perform infrastructure, operating system, and product updates, upgrades, and patches without system downtime. • Provide a Monthly Status Report support including supporting metrics and funding status as agreed upon between COR and Product Team. • Perform postmortems of any service outages, including root cause analysis and steps to prevent future outages. Transition Tasks • Prior to the expiration of this contract, the Contractor shall provide transition-out services (refer to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Clause 52.237-3 Continuity of Services). • The Contractor shall facilitate the transition of contracted activities and services to government identified personnel and/or to a follow-on Contractor. The transition period shall at minimum be for a period of thirty (30) calendar days, shall not exceed ninety (90) calendar days, and may be performed either as part of the Option period or the Base Period (if the Option period is not exercised). • Additionally, the Contractor shall: o Minimize transition impact to the user community. o Ensure no breaks in service availability. o Maintain existing service quality and performance levels. o Ensure a transparent and seamless transition. o Maintain support and meet delivery milestones of ongoing projects. o Ensure that the IT security posture during transition is maintained at current levels without creating gaps and/or vulnerabilities. • The Contractor shall conduct turnover/mentoring sessions as needed throughout the engagement to ensure uninterrupted performance to DOS and/or contractor staff. • The Contractor shall conduct a walkthrough with detailed instruction on artifacts, location and pertinent notes on decisions. • Documentation of work assignments to contractor personnel for maintenance, modification, and development responsibilities for various Programs under this SOO shall be developed, maintained, recorded and provided to the Government. • The Contractor assures that DOS-identified staff receive the knowledge and skills needed to maintain all programs the Contractor has designed, maintain, tested and implemented. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 12 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS • Knowledge Transfer is limited to on-site experience with the system by DOS-identified staff working with Contractor staff, as well as informal training which the Contractor may perform during the contract. A final report should include list of accomplishments, documentation, and customized code developed for DOS. Should the Contractor be terminated prior to the end of the scheduled base period, the Contractor shall transfer all project materials to the COR within two weeks of the COR’s request. OPERATING CONSTRAINTS (Non-functional Requirements) Application Design The CAMP application is dependent on a range of cloud services and software packages; the following is based on current requirements and may be subject to change: 1.1.1 AWS Services 1.1.1.1 ECS with Fargate (will be migrating to EKS) 1.1.1.2 S3 1.1.1.3 SQS 1.1.1.4 SES 1.1.1.5 Route 53 1.1.1.6 Cloudfront 1.1.1.7 AWS Cloudfront Functions 1.1.1.8 Lambda 1.1.1.9 Cognito 1.1.1.10 Cloudwatch 1.1.1.11 AWS WAF 1.1.1.12 ECR 1.1.1.13 Amazon ElastiCache / Redis OSS 1.1.2 Other SaaS 1.1.2.1 Google Analytics 1.1.2.2 Crazyegg 1.1.2.3 Cloudflare 1.1.3 Infrastructure 1.1.3.1 These will be inherited from the platform / BESPIN team but are used by CAMP: • Terraform o Used to provision all the aws infrastructure and install helm package o hashicorp/aws provider 5.54.1 o hashicorp/helm provider 2.14.0 o cyrilgdn/postgresql 1.22.0 1.1.3.2 Helm • Kubernetes package management tool to install Kubernetes applications 1.1.3.3 Drone • Open-Source CI tool for CI/CD which is a community version of Harness. 1.1.3.4 ArgoCD (optional): v2.11.3 • Open Source GitOps tool for Continuous Deployment of containers. 1.1.3.5 Gitlab 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 13 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS 1.1.3.6 Kubernetes 1.30 version 1.1.3.7 Docker Images: BESPIN will provide us with a scanned container image that we will use as the base. But until that is confirmed we are using these containers: • Node:20 • node:20.18-alpine3.20 1.1.4 Database 1.1.4.1 DB Engine: AWS Aurora Postgresql 1.1.4.2 DB Version: Postfresql 16.4 1.1.4.3 DB Name: camp-api, camp-strapi 1.1.4.4 DB Schema 1.1.4.5 # Tables: camp-api 16+, camp-strapi 159+ 1.1.5 Software 1.1.5.1 Strapi 5.52 1.1.5.2 Node 20 1.1.6 Software Dependencies 1.1.6.1 React 18 1.1.6.2 Next.js 14 1.1.6.3 Node 20 Environment CAMP is developed and hosted on the enterprise AWS development platform (BESPIN). The BESPIN platform team is responsible for providing AWS infrastructure, to include CI/CD tooling, providing a variety of inheritable security controls, managing external connections (like firewall rules and IP whitelists), and providing access to common tooling such as logging and monitoring tools. CAMP will be a tenant of BESPIN and the contractor will need to work closely with the BESPIN team to address the various environmental needs. CAMP uses a modified version of the U.S. Web Design System (USWDS) built to support rapid development. Current architecture of CAMP is as follows: 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 14 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS The contractor will be expected to interface with other product development teams for any future system integrations. These future integrations will be identified during discovery sessions or brought forth due to changing requirements. There are a few potential system integrations for 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 15 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS consideration. First is an integration with electronic Consular Report of Birth Abroad (eCRBA) system to validate that an applicant has completed an eCRBA application and that they have paid for it before being able to schedule an appointment. The second integration is with Consular Electronic Application Center (CEAC) so that the system can validate an applicant has a valid DS-160 barcode before being able to schedule an appointment. The third will look into the use customer login options, such as Login.gov, for visa applicants. Current status of MVP and Functionality The government anticipates the incumbent to transition over a working MVP to be able to handle the American Citizen Services appointments from both the applicant and admin side. Applicants will be able to navigate to appointments.travel.state.gov to schedule appointments for passports, eCRBAs, notarials, and other services provided to U.S. citizens. Department of State employees who have access to CAMP’s admin interface, will be able to allocate appointment slots and create reports. CAMP is in the process of getting an ATO. The tentative timing of the first rollout to the pilot post will be in Q1 CY 2026. The government expects to roll out the MVP to other posts on legacy appointment scheduling systems in CY 2026. During this transition phase, the government expects a period of overlap when staff will have access to CAMP and other scheduling systems. See below for the expected MVP functionality. • The system shall support making appointment capacity available to the public with the schedule capacity administered by Department of State (DoS) personnel. • MVP solution will be scalable in future iterations for a variety of services, locations across the world, and apply appropriate business logic and categorization to facilitate schedule parameters desired by DoS and local management. • The system will be capable of emailing appointment confirmations with the ability to cancel or reschedule the appoint via a link in the email. Email notifications shall allow for instructions and text that is customizable by the consulate or entity managing the scheduling. • Administrative users should have the ability to organize roles for users for varying levels of privileges defined during discovery. • The system should allow for templated rule based scheduling scenarios that accommodate common patterns and capable of scaling across the world. • The system shall allow administrative users to block appointment capacity for internal scheduling only. • The system shall allow administrative users to create and schedule appointments on behalf of applicants. • Appointment management shall allow posts to create unlimited appointment categories and allow customized name and descriptions of appointment categories. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to visually allocate appointment categories slots to one or many timeslots on a calendar view interface. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to set appointment categories to reoccurring timeslot frequencies on the calendar with a start and end date of the reoccurrence. • Appointment manage shall allow administrative users to modify the scheduling workflow 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 16 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS steps. For instance, asking the user to select services prior to location of appointment. • Appointment management shall allow setting multiple occurrences of an appointment category on the same timeslot on the calendar. • Appointment management shall allow the user to clone a day on the calendar (made up of appointment categories assigned to timeslots on the day) to one or many other days on the calendar. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to select a day on the calendar (made up of appointment categories assigned to timeslots on the day) to reoccur in total to other days on the calendar. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to delete booked and unbooked appointments on the calendar. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to delete portions of a re-occurring appointment on the calendar without deleting the entire series. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to reschedule booked appointments on the calendar. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to delete booked and unbooked appointments on the calendar en masse. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to quickly suspend timeslots en masse on the calendar without deleting appointments. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to comprehensively see on the calendar all appointment categories assigned to timeslots by day, week, and month and filter the calendar by day, week and month, by appointment category, by booked and unbooked appointments. • If multiple occurrences of an appointment category are set on the same timeslot on the calendar the system shall visually indicate how many occurrences at the same time are assigned to the timeslot and how many of those occurrences are booked. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to set the maximum number of re- booking / reschedules an applicant can make. • Appointment management shall allow the end user to note on the appointment if the applicant was a no-show for the appointment. • The system shall allow an applicant (and resources who can book on the applicant’s behalf) to book an appointment. • The system shall display to the applicant (and resources who can book on the applicant’s behalf) a list of available appointment timeslots that match the associated category of the applicant's visa displaying the first matching available timeslot. • The system shall allow the applicant (and resources who can book on the applicant’s behalf) to re-book / reschedule their appointment and shall not cancel the applicant's original appointment until the re-book/reschedule process is complete. • The system shall not allow rebooking/rescheduling beyond the set amount designated by appointment management resources. • The system shall display on the applicant's landing page the status of their appointment booking, appointment location and appointment time. • The system shall notify the applicant via the system interface and by email of the applicant's booked appointment. • The system shall notify the applicant via the system interface and by email if the 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 17 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS appointment has been cancelled or rescheduled. • The system will need to provide means from detecting and prevent fraudulent appointment scheduling for the MVP use case. Data Rights Data Rights and Ownership of Deliverables – CA intends that all software and documentation delivered by the Contractor will be owned by CA and potentially committed to the public domain (where possible). This software and documentation includes, but is not limited to, data, documents, graphics, code, plans, reports, schedules, schemas, metadata, architecture designs, and the like; all new open source software created by the Contractor and forks or branches of current open source software where the Contractor has made a modification; and all new tooling, scripting configuration management, infrastructure as code, or any other final changes or edits to successfully deploy or operate the software. To the extent that the Contractor seeks to incorporate any software that was not first produced in the performance of this task order in the software delivered under this task order, CA encourages the Contractor to incorporate either software that is in the public domain, or free and open source software that qualifies under the Open Source Definition promulgated by the Open Source Initiative. In any event, the Contractor must promptly disclose to CA in writing, and list in the documentation, any software incorporated in the delivered software that is subject to a license. If software delivered by the Contractor incorporates software that is subject to an open source license that provides implementation guidance, then the Contractor must ensure compliance with that guidance. If software delivered by the Contractor incorporates software that is subject to an open source license that does not provide implementation guidance, then the Contractor must attach or include the terms of the license within the work itself, such as in code comments at the beginning of a file, or in a license file within a software repository. In addition, the Contractor must OBTAIN written permission from CA before incorporating into the delivered software any software that is subject to a license that does not qualify under the Open Source Definition promulgated by the Open Source Initiative. If CA grants such written permission, then the Contractor’s rights to use that software must be promptly assigned to CA. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 18 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS PACKING AND MARKING PRESERVATION, PACKAGING, PACKING, AND MARKING Preservation, packaging, packing and marking of all deliverables must conform to normal commercial packing standards to assure safe delivery at destination. UNCLASSIFIED AND CLASSIFIED MARKING Unclassified data shall be prepared for shipment in accordance with requirements pursuant to industry standards. SOFTWARE AND MAGNETIC MEDIA MARKING Packages containing software or other magnetic media shall be marked on external containers with a notice reading substantially as follows: “CAUTION: SOFTWARE/MAGNETIC MEDIA ENCLOSED DO NOT EXPOSE TO HEAT OR MAGNETIC FIELDS” MARKING OF DELIVERABLES All deliverable reports submitted by the Contractor to the Government under this task order shall prominently show on the cover of the deliverables: a) Name and address of the Contractor b) Task Order number c) Date of report d) Program Office All reports become property of the DoS. The Contractor shall not include any company watermarking or statement that would prevent the DoS from utilizing or circulating the information contained in the report. If there are issues with the potential proprietary nature of the information, it shall be brought to the attention of the CO for resolution. Unless otherwise requested, reports shall be submitted electronically to the contract administration personnel identified in section titled Task Order Administration Data. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 19 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE PERFORMANCE STANDARDS During performance of this task order, the contractor shall be evaluated in accordance with the overall level of compliance with the task order and the demonstrated quality and timeliness of the services provided. Task order section titled List of Attachments, Attachment 1_CAMP_QASP states the performance standards and quality levels that must be met. GOVERNMENT QUALITY ASSURANCE SURVEILLANCE PLAN The Contractor, not the Government, is responsible for management and quality control to meet the terms of the task order. The role of the Government is to conduct quality assurance to ensure that standards are achieved. The Government will perform those quality assurance procedures that may be necessary to verify that performance is in accordance with the terms of the task order. Government quality assurance will be performed routinely by the Contracting Officer’s representatives (e.g., COR, ACOR, GTM). However, other representatives, including third party contractors, may be called upon to support this effort as required. The COR or designated quality assurance evaluators will record all surveillance observations and will maintain a file of all inspection results. Instances of unsatisfactory performance may result in appropriate actions taken by the Contracting Officer in accordance with the terms of this task order. If an inspection identifies performance deficiencies, the COR may require the Contractor to explain, in writing, why performance was unacceptable, how performance will be returned to acceptable levels, and how recurrence of the problem(s) will be prevented in the future. The COR will evaluate the Contractor's explanation and take appropriate action. The Contractor shall promptly correct and improve any shortcomings noted during inspections. The Contractor shall also bring any conditions beyond the responsibility of the Contractor to the attention of the CO. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 20 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS DELIVERIES AND PERFORMANCE PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE OF TASK ORDER This task order is comprised of a twelve-month (12) base performance period, with two (2) 12- month Option periods. Base Year: To be completed at time of award. Option Year 1: Option Year 2: PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Work shall be conducted primarily at the contractor’s site, with occasional required work taking place at the Bureau of Consular Affairs and in the field as user research requirements demand. Core development activities will be handled on a FFP per sprint basis and are expected to take place between the hours of 8 AM and 6 PM ET. DELIVERABLES The following table includes deliverables and expected due dates. Deliverables will be provided electronically in a Microsoft Office Suite product pre-approved by the Government. All deliverables under this task order will become property of the United States Government. Electronic deliverables shall be submitted to the COR; the Contractor shall submit all deliverables specified within the request for quote (RFQ), as well as any defined by governmentTanagement, via a shared code repository. The Government will provide comments to the Contractor within ten (10) business days, upon receipt of the draft deliverable documents. The Contractor shall provide a final document within five (5) business days after receipt of Government comments. The COR will review preliminary or draft documentation that the Contractor submits, for completeness and accuracy and may return it to the Contractor for correction. Absence of any comments by the COR will not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility for complying with the requirements of the PWS. The COR will grant final approval and acceptance of documentation required by email. The Contractor shall not construe any acknowledgment of receipt as a waiver of review, or as an acknowledgment that the material is in conformance with the PWS. Any approval given during preparation of the documentation, or approval for shipment will not guarantee the final acceptance of the completed documentation. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 21 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS Deliverable Method of Assessment Due Date Tested Code Combination of manual review and automated testing Every sprint Sprint Report Manual review Every sprint Accessible Combined approach using automated and manual testing with tools equivalent to Accessibility Insights and/or the DHS Trusted Tester process. Every sprint Consistent UI Combination of manual review and automated testing (such as Site Scanning) Every sprint Deployed Combination of manual review and automated testing Every sprint Documented Manual review Every sprint Release Notes Manual review Every sprint Secure Clean tests from a static testing SaaS (such as Snyk or npm audit) and from OWASP ZAP, along with documentation explaining any false positives Every sprint User Research The Department of State will manually evaluate the artifacts based on a research plan provided by the Contractor at the end of the second sprint and every applicable sprint thereafter. As needed Accepted Functionality Manual review Every sprint The Contractor shall submit all deliverables specified within this RFQ, as well as any defined by government management. The Contractor shall write documentation in clear, concise language that is verifiable. The Contractor shall produce final documents without typographic and grammatical errors and shall be formatted according to standards provided by the Government. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 22 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS TASK ORDER ADMINISTRATION DATA TASK ORDER ADMINISTRATION The task order will be administered as follows: Principal Contracting Officer: Bilal Kayani U.S. Department of State Office of the Procurement Executive KayaniBA@state.gov Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) To be completed at time of award Alternative Contracting Officer’s Representative (ACOR) To be completed at time of award Government Technical Monitor (GTM) To be completed at time of award Written communications regarding the administration of this task order shall make reference to the task order number, and shall be submitted electronically to the CO, COR and ACOR at the email addressed above. Implementation of the President's Executive Order 14173 Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity Contractor certification regarding compliance with applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws must confirm: 1. The contractor is in compliance in all respects with all applicable Federal anti- discrimination laws is material to the government’s payment decisions for purposes of section 31 USC 3729(b)(4) (False Claims Act); 2. The contractor does not operate any programs promoting Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion that violate any applicable federal anti-discrimination laws. 3. The contractor shall submit their certification(s) confirming compliance. The certifications shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer. These certifications must remain active throughout the entirety of the Contract/Task Order Period of Performance. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 23 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS CONTRACTING OFFICER The Contracting Officer has sole authority to modify the terms of this task order. The Contractor is responsible for ensuring that all deviations from task order requirements are approved by the CO. CONTRACTING OFFICER’S REPRESENTATIVE a) The Contracting Officer may designate in writing one or more Government employees, by name and position title, to take action for the Contracting Officer under this task order. Each designee shall be identified as a Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). Such designation(s) shall specify the scope and limitations of the authority so delegated; provided, that the designee shall not change the terms or conditions of the task order, unless the COR is a warranted Contracting Officer and this authority is delegated in the designation. b) The COR, and any other representatives, will be appointed in writing by the CO. INVOICE SUBMISSION The Contractor shall follow these instructions for invoice payment: INV-IPP ELECTRONIC INVOICING AND PAYMENT REQUIREMENTS AND INSTRUCTIONS TO IMPLEMENT USAGE OF THE INVOICE PROCESSING PLATFORM (IPP). (a) Definitions. As used in these instructions (1)”Payment request” means a bill, voucher, invoice, or request for contract financing payment with associated supporting documentation. The payment request must comply with the requirements identified in FAR 32.905(b), “Payment documentation and process” and the applicable Payment clause included in this contract. (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of these instructions, the Contractor shall submit payment requests electronically using the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) at www.ipp.gov. Information regarding IPP is available on the Internet at www.ipp.gov. Assistance with the IPP application can be obtained by contacting the IPP Production Helpdesk via email IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov or phone (866)973-3131. The Contractor shall ensure that its supporting documentation conforms to IPP requirements. IPP accommodates up to 25 supporting attachments per invoice, individual attachment file size may not exceed ten megabytes (10mb). If the Contractor assesses that their supporting documentation will not reasonably conform to IPP requirements, the Contractor shall contact the Contracting Officer to explore possible alternatives. (c) The Contractor may submit payment requests using other than IPP only when the Contracting Officer authorizes alternate procedures in writing. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 24 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS (d) If alternate payment procedures are authorized, the Contractor shall include a copy of the Contracting Officer’s written authorization with each payment request. A proper invoice includes, at a minimum, the following information and/or attached documentation: • Summary Time Sheets; Invoices for Purchased Materials (if applicable); • Detailed Travel Vouchers to include COR email approval (if applicable); • Detailed activity list and number of hours per employee spent on each system or application capability for work performed for the invoice period; and • Comprehensive summary totals • The name and DUNS of the Contractor on the invoice matches the information indicated on the order/award for proper payment. • IMPORTANT: For proper payment, the invoice details products and/or services delivered on a line item basis in direct accordance with the corresponding order/award/contract. Each line item contains the following information: • Description of the services rendered for each line item • Line Item Quantity • Line Item Unit Price • Total Line Item Invoicing Amount • Delivery Date • Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) • Order/Award Line Item Number To request Payment Status on a Past Due Invoice contact: Office of Claims Customer Service via email at Commercialclaims@state.gov or via toll-free telephone at: 877-704-9473. EXPANDED INVOICE INSTRUCTIONS Contractors must submit an invoice for every reporting period for all work performed during that period – prime and subcontractors – unless for hardware software one-time payments • An invoice billing period of performance cannot exceed 1 calendar month • Invoice charges cannot cross multiple contract option periods • All prime and subcontractor direct costs must be within the invoice billing period • If unbilled costs are discovered for a period that was already billed, the contractor must submit another invoice for that billing period of performance • Invoices with bulk charges for unbilled costs will not be accepted Charges will not be accepted for any contractor that does not possess the required security clearance stated in the contract; final DoS clearance must be granted by Diplomatic Security (DS) prior to incurring charges 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 25 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS • A proper invoice includes, at a minimum, the following information and/or attached documentation: • Time Sheets; • Detailed activity list and number of hours spent on each system for work performed for the invoice period; • Breakdown of labor hours spent on each of the different systems; and • Comprehensive summary totals OTHER DIRECT COSTS (ODCs) The Contractor shall bill ODCs on a cost reimbursable basis. Costs are defined as the purchase price of materials or service plus General and Administrative charges (G&A) or material and handling charges (M&H). The Contractor shall fully support all ODCs, in compliance with all competition requirements of the FAR PART 19. The Contractor shall ensure that all ODCs receive prior approval from the COR in writing via email. Invoice submissions must include the COR email approval and all receipts to support charges for the reporting period. Estimated ODCs are for Miscellaneous and Material/IT Hardware. TRAVEL The Contractor shall follow the following instructions: • All travel must be pre-approved by the COR in writing via email. Invoice submissions must include the COR written approval. • Local travel within 50 miles of the Government location in Washington DC or the relocation of personnel from other geographic areas for the purpose of staffing an order, are not subject to reimbursement. The Government will not pay travel charges for travel to and from the employee’s home and the Government offices, or to and from one company building to another (either within a company or to and from a prime to a sub company). Travel costs subject to reimbursement are limited to travel occurring at the direction of the Government, performed in conjunction with a specific requirement. Costs incurred during local travel for parking, gas, or tolls are not reimbursable. • Travel outside of the local metro area may be required. However, a projected trip schedule is not available at this time. Prior to any travel, the Contractor shall prepare a travel authorization request for COR or designee for review and approval. The Contractor shall prepare and deliver a trip report upon the completion of travel. The Government will reimburse the cost of travel required in conjunction with performance of this task order in accordance with the Federal Travel Regulation (FTR) per diem rates listed at: http://www.gsa.gov/federaltravelregulation.comhttp://www.gsa.gov/federaltravelregulati on.com 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 26 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS This invoice information shall identify all cumulative travel costs billed by CLIN. The current invoice period’s travel details shall include separate columns and totals and include the following: a. Travel Authorization Request number or identifier, approver name, and approval date. b. Current invoice period. c. Names of persons traveling. d. Number of travel days. e. Dates of travel. f. Number of days per diem charged. g. Per diem rate used. h. Total per diem charged. i. Transportation costs. j. Total charges. k. Explanation of variances exceeding ten percent of the approved versus actual costs. l. Indirect handling rate. All cost supporting documentation provided by the contractor shall also include OH charges and G&A charges in accordance with the contractor’s DCAA cost disclosure statement. KICK-OFF MEETING The Contractor shall schedule a kickoff meeting with the CO, COR, ACOR, and any other Government representatives the COR/ACOR deem appropriate within five (5) business days of task order award. The desired outcome is to initiate the communication process between the Government and Contractor to assure a common understanding of award requirements, objectives, and deadlines. The Contractor shall deliver Kick-off Meeting Minutes to COR within five (5) business days after the Kick-off Meeting. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 27 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS SPECIAL CONTRACTING REQUIREMENTS KEY PERSONNEL The offeror shall identify, (in their quote based on information provided in the table below), certain positions or roles and associated labor categories considered to be Key Positions. The Contractor shall submit the name and resume of the Contractor employee proposed in each Key Position. Contractor employees identified as Key Personnel shall be dedicated to this project. If any changes in proposed key personnel become necessary during actual performance, the contractor shall provide written notification 60 days in advance. In the event of a sudden change in key personnel (death, incapacitation, immediate termination, etc.), the contractor shall provide written notice to the CO within 1 business day of the event. For any substitution, the contractor shall submit justification with a proposed substitute whose qualifications are equal to or greater than the person being replaced, along with a 1 to 2-page introductory summary, in sufficient detail to permit evaluation within 10 calendar days of notification of a substitution. Key Personnel will be required to receive, at a minimum, a Moderate Risk Public Trust (MRPT) determination. The position titles listed in the table below, are not to be considered labor categories but are functional titles only. Key Position Description Product Manager The Product Manager will be a direct liaison to the CA product team and will be responsible for the supervision and management of all of the Contractor’s personnel. This person should have a background as a scrum master, product manager, agile coach, or a similar role. Technical Lead The Technical Lead must have a full understanding of the technical approach to be used by the Contractor’s development team and will be responsible for ensuring that the Contractor’s development team follows that approach. This person should have a background as an engineer. Design Lead The Design Lead must have a full understanding of the research approach and design patterns to be used by the contractor’s development team and will be responsible for ensuring that the contractor’s development team follows that approach. This person should have a background as a user experience researcher or designer. The Contractor shall submit the resumes of the contractor employee(s) that will fill the 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 28 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS position(s) identified in the table above. All proposed key personnel who are not currently employed by the Offeror or a teaming partner must include a signed letter of intent from the individual proposed as Key Personnel that he/she intends to participate in this project for at least one (1) year. GOVERNMENT PROPERTY Any Government furnished property, equipment, information, materials, or data will remain the property of the Government and shall be returned to the Government or transferred it to another entity upon request or completion of the support services at the conclusion of this task order. SAFEGUARDING OF INFORMATION The Contractor and its employees shall exercise the utmost discretion in regard to all matters relating to their duties and functions. They shall not communicate to any person any information known to them by reason of their performance of services under this task order which has not been made public, except in the necessary performance of their duties or upon written authorization of the Contracting Officer’s Representative. All documents and records (including photographs) generated during the performance of work under this task order shall be for the sole use of and become the exclusive property of the U.S. Government. Furthermore, no article, book, pamphlet, recording, broadcast, speech, television appearance, film or photograph concerning any aspect of work performed under this task order shall be published or disseminated through any media without the prior written authorization of the Contracting Officer. These obligations do not cease upon the expiration or termination of this task order. The Contractor shall include the substance of this provision in all contracts of employment and in all subcontracts hereunder. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS Security Requirements a) The association between the contractor and the Government is unclassified; however, disclosure of contract specifics is on a need-to-know basis. The Government anticipates that work under this contract will be conducted at the Moderate Risk Public Trust (MRPT) level. Work under this contract will require will not require classified access. b) Under this contract, contractor personnel are required to have a current MRPT. c) A MRPT is required for performance on this task order. Therefore, Form DD 254, Department of Defense (DOD) Contract Security Classification Specification (DOD- CSCS), is not required. d) Contractor personnel assigned to perform duties under this contract, as designated by the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR), must obtain a Moderate Risk Public Trust (MRPT) determination through the Bureau of Diplomatic Security.It will not be necessary for some Contractor personnel to have access to classified material. Therefore, 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 29 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS the Contractor is prohibited from entering into area requiring a security clearance other than that of MRPT. Each Contactor employee requiring such access must have an individual security clearance commensurate with the required level of access prior to contract/task order performance. The COR and CO must be notified in writing if access or a higher level clearance becomes necessary. Individuals must maintain their security clearance for the duration of employment under this award. e) The Contractor shall obtain a DOS building pass for all employees performing under this contract/task order who require frequent and continuing access to DOS facilities in accordance with DOSAR 652.204-70 Department of State Personal Identification Card Issuance Procedures. f) Sensitive material received or generated in the performance of this award shall be safeguarded and disposed of in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (32 CFR Section 117). g) To successfully perform under this contract/task order, the Contractor, including all entities which comprise a joint venture and the joint venture itself, is required to hold a MRPT clearance. h) To demonstrate the existence of a clearance, the Offeror shall provide the following: a. Narrative confirmation of clearance level. A copy of the Industrial Security Facilities Database (ISFD printout) is sufficient. b. CAGE code. c. Complete legal entity name and business address i) All building passes/ID cards are returned to DOS. Upon completion of this contract/task order, all classified and/or Sensitive But Unclassified (SBU) information shall be returned to the government. j) Subcontracting firms must possess facility security clearances commensurate with their level of access. All subcontractors must be approved by the CO or COR and all sub- contractor DD254s are prepared and approved by DS/IS/IND prior to performance on contract/task order (if applicable). k) Subsequent to contract/task order award, the Government will conduct a formal briefing for the contractor. The purpose of the briefing will be to bring to the contractor’s attention the governing documents and directives regarding all security considerations in the staffing of the project, site access, software and hardware functions, document control, and Diplomatic Security procedures. l) DOS personnel will provide assistance in obtaining Annex and workplace access during the period of contract/task order support. Contractors must return all access control documentation and building badges to the DOS COR at the completion of contract/task order services. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 30 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS m) In the event a personnel security clearance is rescinded for an individual assigned to this contract/task order, the individual shall be removed from the contract/task order and replaced by a substitute acceptable to the Government at no increase in cost or price. In addition, the contractor shall submit a Visit Authorization Request (VAR) cancellation to DS/IS/IND (if applicable). n) Security clearance requirements for the contractor to access DOS domestic or overseas information systems shall be in accordance with 12 FAM 600 (reference Web site: http://aope.a.state.gov - click on "FAM" under "References"). o) The Information System Security Officer (ISSO) will debrief all personnel who resign, are transferred, terminated, or otherwise removed from the contract/task order on the last day of work on site and shall turn in their DOS badge to the ISSO. The company must cancel the VAR previously sent to DS/IS/IND. Each employee under this contract/task order is individually responsible for the protection of information and shall be required to sign an agreement regarding the confidentiality of the work performed under this contract/task order. p) The company FSO must send a VAR to DS/IS/IND via e-mail to DS_IND_CONTRACTORVARS@STATE.GOV or by facsimile to 571-345-3000. Notification of VAR approvals shall be provided to the COR. Personnel Security Requirements All Contractor personnel assigned to this contract shall at, a minimum, receive a MRPT determination from the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency (DCSA) prior to contract performance. The Bureau of Diplomatic Security, DS/IS/IND will advise the Contractor’s Facility Security Officer (FSO) of any security violations by contractor employees. The Contractor shall ensure that upon termination from the contract and immediately upon such termination, cleared contractor employees will be debriefed and sign a Security Debriefing Acknowledgement portion of the SF 312, and ensure any and all building passes/ID cards are returned to the State Department. Upon completion of this contract, all classified and/or SBU information shall be returned to the government. Department of State Personal Identification Card Issuance Procedures a) The Contractor shall comply with the DOS Personal Identification Card Issuance Procedures for all employees performing under this contract who require frequent and continuing access to DOS facilities, or information systems. The Contractor shall insert this clause in all subcontracts when the subcontractor’s employees will require frequent and continuing access to DOS facilities, or information systems. The DOS Personal Identification Card Issuance Procedures may be accessed at http://www.state.gov/m/ds/rls/rpt/c21664.htm 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 31 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT a) The Contractor must perform the work and services of this task order to the highest professional standards. All Contractor personnel are responsible for presenting themselves in a professional manner at all times befitting the high visibility of the DOS. b) The Contractor, not the Government, shall supervise and control the Contractor’s personnel. The Contractor shall be responsible for the safety of their personnel and for any injury or damage to their personnel. c) The Contractor shall establish the structures, processes, plans, schedules, reporting requirements, communication channels, and quality control necessary to ensure successful completion of all task order requirements. d) Contractor personnel shall freely provide knowledge and expertise to the Government and other Contractors involved with the work. e) Contractor personnel shall provide deliverables that are clear, concise, technically accurate and complete in order to meet all reporting requirements. ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST (a) The Contractor warrants that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, there are no relevant facts or circumstances which would give rise to an organizational conflict of interest, as defined in FAR Subpart 9.5, or that the Contractor has disclosed all such relevant information. (b) The Contractor agrees that if an actual or potential organizational conflict of interest is discovered after award, the Contractor will make a full disclosure in writing to the Contracting Officer. This disclosure shall include a description of actions which the Contractor has taken or proposes to take to avoid or mitigate the actual or potential conflict. (c) If the Contractor was aware of a potential organizational conflict of interest prior to award or discovered an actual or potential conflict after award and did not disclose or misrepresented relevant information to the Contracting Officer, the Government may terminate the task order for default. (d) The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (d), in all subcontracts. NON-DISCLOSURE Information made available to the Contractor by the Government for the performance or administration of this effort shall be used only for those purposes and shall not be used in any other way without the written agreement of the CO. The Contractor agrees to assume responsibility for protecting the confidentiality of Government records, which are not public information. Each Contractor or employee of the Contractor to 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 32 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS whom information may be made available or disclosed shall be notified in writing by the Contractor that such information may be disclosed only for a purpose and to the extent authorized herein. The Contractor and its employees shall exercise the utmost discretion in regard to all matters relating to their duties and functions. They shall not communicate to any person any information known to them by reason of their performance of services under this TO, which has not been made public, except in the necessary performance of their duties or upon written authorization of the CO. All documents and records (including photographs) generated during the performance of work under this TO shall be for the sole use of and become the exclusive property of the Government. Furthermore, no data, data base records, article, book, pamphlet, recording, broadcast, speech, television appearance, film or photograph concerning any aspect of work performed under this TO shall be published or disseminated through any media without the prior written authorization of the CO. These obligations do not cease upon the expiration or termination of this TO. The Contractor shall include the substance of this provision in all contracts of employment and in all subcontracts hereunder. ONBOARDING PROCESS The Contractor will onboard and charge for personnel only after receiving DS clearances and written approval by the COR. FEDERAL HOLIDAYS AND INCLEMENT WEATHER Federal Holidays and Government closure due to inclement weather, as defined by OPM for the Federal Government for Washington DC area, are considered non-business hours for purposes of the performance standards in this task order. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 33 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS PROVISIONS AND CONTRACT CLAUSES 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.acquisition.gov/dosar (End of provision) TASK ORDER PROVISIONS/CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE • 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions • 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation • 52.204-7 System for Award Management • 52.204-14 Service Contract Reporting Requirements • 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting • 52.204-17 Ownership or Control of Offeror • 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation • 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations- Representation • 52.209-5 Certification Regarding Responsibility Matters • 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters • 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or Felony Conviction under any Federal Law • 52.214-4 False Statements in Bids • 52.215-5 Submission of Bids • 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards • 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) • 52.222-55 Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 • 652.232-72 Limitation of Funds 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 34 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS • 652.237-72 Observance of Legal Holidays and Administrative Leave TASK ORDER PROVISIONS/CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY FULL TEXT • 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services. Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 45 days. (End of clause) • 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000) (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 45 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least days 20 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 36 months. (End of clause) • 52.222-22 Previous Contracts and Compliance Reports. Previous Contracts and Compliance Reports (Feb 1999) The offeror represents that- It □ has, □ has not participated in a previous contract or subcontract subject to the Equal Opportunity clause of this solicitation. It □ has, □ has not filed all required compliance reports; and 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 35 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS Representations indicating submission of required compliance reports, signed by proposed subcontractors, will be obtained before subcontract awards. (End of provision) • 52.204-20 Predecessor of Offeror. Predecessor of Offeror (Aug 2020) (a) Definitions. As used in this provision– Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code means– (1) An identifier assigned to entities located in the United States or its outlying areas by the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Branch to identify a commercial or government entity by unique location; or (2) An identifier assigned by a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) or by the NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA) to entities located outside the United States and its outlying areas that the DLA Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Branch records and maintains in the CAGE master file. This type of code is known as a NATO CAGE (NCAGE) code. Predecessor means an entity that is replaced by a successor and includes any predecessors of the predecessor. Successor means an entity that has replaced a predecessor by acquiring the assets and carrying out the affairs of the predecessor under a new name (often through acquisition or merger). The term "successor" does not include new offices/divisions of the same company or a company that only changes its name. The extent of the responsibility of the successor for the liabilities of the predecessor may vary, depending on State law and specific circumstances. (b) The Offeror represents that it □ is or □ is not a successor to a predecessor that held a Federal contract or grant within the last three years. (c) If the Offeror has indicated "is" in paragraph (b) of this provision, enter the following information for all predecessors that held a Federal contract or grant within the last three years (if more than one predecessor, list in reverse chronological order): Predecessor CAGE code: (or mark "Unknown"). Predecessor legal name: . (Do not use a "doing business as" name). (End of provision) 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 36 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS • 52.204-27 Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application. Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause— Covered application means the social networking service TikTok or any successor application or service developed or provided by ByteDance Limited or an entity owned by ByteDance Limited. Information technology, as defined in 40 U.S.C. 11101(6)— (1) Means any equipment or interconnected system or subsystem of equipment, used in the automatic acquisition, storage, analysis, evaluation, manipulation, management, movement, control, display, switching, interchange, transmission, or reception of data or information by the executive agency, if the equipment is used by the executive agency directly or is used by a contractor under a contract with the executive agency that requires the use— (i) Of that equipment; or (ii) Of that equipment to a significant extent in the performance of a service or the furnishing of a product; (2) Includes computers, ancillary equipment (including imaging peripherals, input, output, and storage devices necessary for security and surveillance), peripheral equipment designed to be controlled by the central processing unit of a computer, software, firmware and similar procedures, services (including support services), and related resources; but (3) Does not include any equipment acquired by a Federal contractor incidental to a Federal contract. (b) Prohibition. Section 102 of Division R of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (Pub. L. 117-328), the No TikTok on Government Devices Act, and its implementing guidance under Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Memorandum M-23-13, dated February 27, 2023, “No TikTok on Government Devices” Implementation Guidance, collectively prohibit the presence or use of a covered application on executive agency information technology, including certain equipment used by Federal contractors. The Contractor is prohibited from having or using a covered application on any information technology owned or managed by the Government, or on any information technology used or provided by the Contractor under this contract, including equipment provided by the Contractor’s employees; however, this prohibition does not apply if the Contracting Officer provides written notification to the Contractor that an exception has been granted in accordance with OMB Memorandum M-23-13. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 37 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS (c) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services. (End of clause) • 652.242-70 Contracting Officer's Representative (COR). Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) (AUG 1999) (a) The Contracting Officer may designate in writing one or more Government employees, by name and position title, to take action for the Contracting Officer under this contract. Each designee shall be identified as a Contracting Officer's Representative (COR). Such designation(s) shall specify the scope and limitations of the authority so delegated; provided, that the designee shall not change the terms or conditions of the contract, unless the COR is a warranted Contracting Officer and this authority is delegated in the designation. (b) The COR is To Be Determined. (End of clause) • SAFE Clause: Safety and Accountability for Everyone (SAFE) (DEC 2022) All contractor employees, including subcontractor employees, requiring access to Department of State facilities and areas shall participate in the “Safety and Accountability For Everyone” (SAFE) system by providing their contact information in the system within 30 calendar days after the contract start date or the effective date of incorporation of this requirement into the contract, whichever is applicable, and maintaining its accuracy at all times. The contractor shall include SAFE enrollment/removal as an essential task in its onboarding and out-processing procedures as employees arrive/depart and promptly submit a SAFE service request via the IT Service Center or email AskSAFE@state.gov to request SAFE profile creation/removal. Contractors shall confirm their personnel take an active part in drills and respond to all test notifications. The contractor shall provide a semi-annual statement that affected contractor and/or subcontractor employees have registered or been removed from SAFE and participate in active drills and test notifications. The statement may be made via email to the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR), or to the contracting officer if a COR is not assigned. The statement is due within 30 days of the effective date of this award, and every 6 months thereafter. (End of clause) H-050 – COMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL ANTI-DISCRIMINATION LAWS - CERTIFICATION (Required under EO 14173, January 2025) 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 38 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS (a) Definition. As used in this provision - Program promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion means a program whose purpose is to promote preferences based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origins, such as in training or hiring. (b) Certification. By submission of its offer, the Offeror certifies that it does not operate any programs promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion that violate any applicable Federal anti- discrimination laws. (End of provision) H-051 – COMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL ANTI-DISCRIMINATION LAWS - CERTIFICATION (Required under EO 14173, January 2025) (a) The contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws. (b) Compliance with applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws is material to eligibility for and payment under this contract for purposes of 31 U.S.C 3729(b)(4). (End of clause) 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 39 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS LIST OF ATTACHMENTS • Attachment 1_CAMP_QASP.docx • Attachment 2_CAMP_Pricing Template • Attachment 3_CAMP_Questions and Answers Template • Attachment 4_CAMP_Sprint Report Template 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 40 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFEROR The Offeror shall submit a quote that clearly and concisely describes and defines the contractor’s response to the requirements contained in the RFQ. Use of general or vague statements such as “standard procedures will be used” or “good engineering practices” will not satisfy this requirement. Simply repeating or paraphrasing the RFQ requirements without substantive, meaningful discussion will not be acceptable. Unnecessary elaboration or presentation beyond that which is sufficient to present a complete and effective quote is not desired and may be construed as an indication of the Offeror’s lack of understanding of the requirements or cost consciousness. Elaborate artwork or visual or other presentation aids is neither necessary nor desired. The desire is for clear succinct pictorials, graphs, etc. ACQUISITION PHASES / ORGANIZATION OF ACTIVITIES The Phase 1 quote shall include two separate Volumes including Volume I – Technical and Volume II Price. Volume I should include a proposed Performance Work Statement (PWS), consisting of a Technical Approach and a Staffing Plan, and evidence of Similar Experience in response to the Government’s Statement of Objectives (SOO) contained within this RFQ, organized as follows: Phase 1 - Volume I – Technical Submission o Performance Work Statement (PWS)  Factor One - Technical Approach  Factor Two - Staffing Plan  Factor Three - Similar Experience - Volume II – Price Submission • The offeror shall submit pricing by completing the provided pricing template spreadsheet Attachment 2_CAMP_Pricing Template. - Each volume shall include a cover page with the contractor’s name, the RFQ number, and volume number. Phase 2 Oral Interview 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 41 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS After the Government completes evaluation of Volume I – Technical Submission, Technical Factors 1, 2, and 3, the Offeror will receive a notification via e-mail from the Contracting Officer to schedule an oral interview. Within 24 hours of receipt of the notification, the Offeror will confirm via email whether it intends to participate in Phase 2. The offeror shall provide times Key Personnel will be available for the Phase 2 Oral Interview; the Government anticipates this interview will be scheduled to take place within 10 business days of the advisory notification. QUOTE INSTRUCTIONS Phase 1 Instructions Volume I (Technical Submission) Specific Instructions: The Offeror shall provide a PWS consisting of a technical approach of no more than four (4) pages, a staffing plan of no more than six (6) pages plus requested key personnel resumes and signed letters of intent to participate, if applicable. The resumes and signed letters of intent to do not count towards the six-page limit. Similar experience may be submitted as references to one or more source code samples, technical infrastructure diagrams, user research plans, design artifacts, and information related to past and/or current Contracts requested under evaluation criteria Technical Factor 3; this information, when combined with samples/plans/artifacts, must not exceed 15 pages. The technical approach must set forth the Offeror’s proposed approach to providing the services required, including the base software (if any) and programming language(s) the Offeror proposes to use. The technical approach must also make clear that the Offeror understands the details of the project requirements. The technical approach must also identify potential obstacles to efficient development and include plans to overcome those potential obstacles. The technical approach must also include a description of the Offeror’s plans, if any, to provide services through a joint venture, teaming partner, or subcontractors. The staffing plan must set forth the Offeror’s proposed approach to staffing the requirements of this project, including the titles of each of the labor categories proposed and proposed level of effort for each member of the Offeror’s development team. The staffing plan must also identify the proposed Product Manager, Design Lead, and proposed Technical Lead by name and include a resume for each. Those resumes must include a brief description of the experience and capability for each individual but cannot exceed one (1) page in length each. Offerors proposing Key Personnel who are not currently employed by the Offeror or a teaming partner must include a signed letter of intent from the individual proposed as Key Personnel that he/she intends to participate in this project for at least one (1) year. The staffing plan must also set forth the extent to which the proposed team for this project was involved in the development of the source code referred to in the next paragraph. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 42 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS The similar experience, if provided in the form of references to one or more source code samples, must be either links to Git repositories (either credentialed or public) or to equivalent version-controlled repositories that provide the full revision history for all files. If an Offeror submits a link to a private Git repository hosted with GitHub, the Government will provide the Offeror with one or more GitHub user identities by email, and the Offeror will be expected to promptly provide the identified user(s) with access to the private Git repository. The source code samples should be for projects that are similar in size, scope, and complexity to the project contemplated here. The source code must have been developed by either (i) the Offeror itself, (ii) a teaming partner that is proposed in response to this RFQ, or (iii) an individual that is being proposed as Key Personnel for this project. If references to source code samples provided do not include associated references to user research plans and design artifacts demonstrating how ongoing user research was incorporated into the project, then the Offeror must submit a user research plan and at least one (1) example design artifact. Note: In addition to text, the page limits described above include any tables, figures or other inserts if included. The page limits must be in accordance with the following: • Pages are to be standard 8 ½” by 11” size. • The font for text shall be Times New Roman, 12-point size. • The font size for tables, figures, or any other type of inserts (if included) can be no smaller than 8 points; the font size for any graphics as they may appear on the printed page can be no smaller than 8 point; • Margins shall not be less than one inch at top/bottom and left/right of the page, and pages may not be reduced form (headers and footers are allowed in the margins and their font size can be no smaller than 10 point); • Foldouts are limited to 11” to 17” size paper and shall count as two pages towards the page limitation. The page limitation does not include cover pages; dividers/tabs; lists of tables and exhibits; table of contents pages; and resumes. If page limitations are exceeded, the excess pages for the Technical Submission will not be read or considered in the evaluation. Volume II (Price Volume) Specific Instructions The price volume shall include a completed copy of Attachment 2_ CAMP_Pricing Template. Note: Pricing information is to be included in Volume II only. No pricing information is to be included in Volume I (Technical Volume). Phase 2 Instructions 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 43 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS Phase 2 will include participation in an oral interview and evaluation of price quotes. Oral Interview Specific Instructions: The Offeror shall participate in an Oral Interview. The oral interview will not be evaluated as a separate factor but considered within the context of the three technical factors. The interview will be conducted on an agreed video connection and/or teleconference depending upon the Offeror’s availability (submitted as part of Phase 1). The interview will include a structured question and answer session, during which Offerors will be asked questions about the technical aspects of their quote and their approach to software development. The government expects these interviews will assist the government to assess the technical abilities of the proposed development team and to better understand the proposed technical approach described in the Offeror’s written submission. All of the Offeror’s proposed Key Personnel must participate in the interview. Up to three (3) other proposed members of the development team may attend. The Introductions phase of the interview will last approximately five (5) minutes, during which the Offeror and interview team members will introduce themselves. The Technical Session of the interview will last approximately forty-five (45) minutes, during which the Offeror’s interview team will respond to questions related to the technical aspects of the Offeror’s quote. Offerors will NOT be able to use or present any slides, graphs, charts, or use other written presentation materials, including handouts. There will be no follow-up session for further questions after this part of the interview. The Closing Remarks phase of the interview will last approximately ten (10) minutes, during which the Offeror may make a short presentation summarizing the Offeror’s responses to the interview team’s questions. The Government intends for the Oral Interview to be an interactive dialogue between the Offeror and the Government. Exchanges during the Oral Interview are viewed as a component of the Oral Interview itself and do not constitute discussions and will not afford an opportunity to revise quotes or address deficiencies. Statements made during the interview will not become part of the agreement. SOLICITATION QUESTIONS All solicitation questions must be submitted in writing via email to the Contracting Officer, Bilal Kayani at KayaniBA@state.gov by 9:00 am EST on August 4th , 2025. Questions received after that date may not be answered prior to the date established for the quote due date. Questions submitted via voice mail or otherwise telephonically will not be considered. The expectation is that all questions will be answered via email within two business days. The questions and 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 44 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS answers shall include a completed copy of Attachment 3_OCAM_Questions and Answers Template. QUOTE SUBMITAL INSTRUCTIONS The quote must be submitted by e-mail to the following e-mail address: KayaniBA@state.gov The Subject Line shall read “Quote for CAMP.” No other form of submission will be acceptable. The file size limitation (cumulative) for any single e-mail is 9 Megabytes (MB). Should the contractor’s complete quote (all required volumes) exceed 9 MB, the quote shall be separated into the appropriate number of e-mails to stay within the 9 MB limitation for any single e-mail. If the quote is divided into more than one e-mail, the contractor shall clearly identify the total number of e-mails in its submission. For example, if the quote includes a total of two e-mails, then this should be identified as follows: The first of the two e-mails shall include somewhere in the subject line (E-mail 1 of 2), and the second of the two e-mails shall include somewhere in the subject line (E-mail 2 of 2), etc. In order to be accepted, the quote must be received at the above e-mail address no later than 9:00 a.m. EST August 15th , 2025. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 45 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS EVALUATION CRITERIA FOR AWARD General The contractor is cautioned to submit sufficient information in the format specified in this RFQ to permit a meaningful evaluation of its quote. The Technical Evaluation Panel will complete a compliance review of the Phase 1 quote to determine if it’s in compliance with the RFQ requirements. The Government may reject the quote without further evaluation if it’s missing a significant amount of the required information and/or determined non-compliant with the quote instructions. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a task order without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror's initial quote should contain the offeror's best terms from a cost or price and technical standpoint. The Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. If a competitive range is established for purposes of discussions, the Government reserves the right to limit the number of Offerors in the competitive range for purposes of economy and efficiency. As this is a FAR subpart 8.4 procurement, the Government may engage in exchanges with Offerors as required without conducting formal discussions. However, the Government intends to make an award based on the initial quotes received. Offerors are advised that the Government may make an award without further communication or opportunity to revise quotes. Therefore, offerors should ensure that their quotes are complete and contain all necessary information to allow for a thorough evaluation. Basis for Award This award will be made on the basis of a price/technical trade-off, where the technical factors combined are significantly more important than the price factor. The Government will evaluate quotes in response to this RFQ and will award to the responsible offeror whose quote and Performance Work Statement (PWS), in response to the SOO, is considered most advantageous to the Government, considering the following factors listed in order of importance. 1. Technical Approach 2. Staffing Approach 3. Similar Experience 4. Price The Oral Presentation/Interview will not be evaluated as separate Factor but considered within the context of the three technical factors. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 46 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS Technical Evaluation The submitted technical information shall be evaluated by a Technical Evaluation Panel (TEP), based on the criteria detailed below (Evaluation Factors). Basis of Award and Evaluation Factors The Government shall evaluate each quote received and consider the extent to which the quote and PWS address the objectives in the SOO and RFQ requirements. In order to be considered for award, a quote must be fully acceptable and address all requirements. Submissions that are determined not to be compliant with quote instructions and/or non-responsive to the requirements will not be evaluated further or considered for award. The Government will evaluate quotes to determine the extent to which the quotes address the objectives and identified factors on a competitive best value basis using a trade-off between technical factors and price. quotes will be evaluated based on four (4) evaluation factors. These factors are: (1) technical approach, (2) staffing approach, (3) similar experience, and (4) price. The three (3) technical, non-price evaluation factors, when combined, are significantly more important than price. The Government may make an award to an Offeror that demonstrates an advantage with respect to technical, non-price factors, even if such an award would result in a higher total price to the Government. The importance of price in the evaluation will increase with the degree of equality between Offerors with respect to the non-price factors, or when the Offeror’s price is so significantly high as to diminish the value to the Government of the Offeror’s advantage in the non-price factors. In evaluating each of the Government’s non-price factors, the evaluation team will assign one of the ratings described below. The Government will assess its level of confidence that the Offeror will successfully achieve the Government’s objectives in regards to the technical approach, staffing plan, and similar experience, based on the Evaluation Criteria set forth below. The Confidence ratings for Technical Factors One and Two are defined as follows: Technical Ratings Rating Description High Confidence The Government has high confidence that the Quoter understands the requirement, proposes a sound approach, and will be successful in performing the task order with little or no Government intervention. Some Confidence The Government has some confidence that the Quoter understands the requirement, proposes a sound approach, and will be successful in performing the task order with some Government intervention. Low Confidence The Government has low confidence that the Quoter understands the requirement, proposes a sound approach, failure to meet 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 47 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS requirements, or will be successful in performing the task order even with Government intervention. Evaluation Criteria for Non-Price Factors Technical Factors One and Two shall be evaluated based on the criteria below for each Technical Factor: Technical Factor 1 – Technical Approach In evaluating an Offeror’s technical approach, the Government will consider (a) the quality of the Offeror’s plans to provide the agile development services required, including user research and design, (b) the extent of the Offeror’s understanding of the details of the project requirements, and (c) the extent to which the Offeror has identified potential obstacles to efficient development, and has proposed realistic approaches to overcome those potential obstacles. Technical Factor 2: – Staffing Approach In evaluating an Offeror’s staffing approach, the Government will consider (a) the skills and experience of the Offeror’s proposed Key Personnel and other individuals that the Offeror plans to use to provide the required services, (b) the mix of labor categories that will comprise the Offeror’s proposed development team, and (c) the Offeror’s proposed number of hours of services to be provided by each member of the Offeror’s proposed development team for the duration of each sprint and (d) the availability of proposed individuals to work on the project for its duration. The staffing plan must also identify the proposed Product Manager, Technical Lead, and Design Lead by name and include a resume for each. Offerors proposing Key Personnel who are not currently employed by the Offeror or a teaming partner must include a signed letter of intent from the individual proposed as Key Personnel that he/she intends to participate in this project for at least one (1) year. Technical Factor 3 – Similar Experience Similar Experience will be evaluated and assigned a Confidence rating consistent with the following definitions: Rating Description High Confidence The Government has high confidence that the Offeror’s similar experience demonstrates a high likelihood of successful performance and little to no intervention will be required. Some Confidence The Government has some confidence that the Offeror’s similar experience demonstrates a high likelihood of successful performance with little or moderate intervention. Low Confidence The Government has low confidence that the Offeror’s similar experience demonstrates a high likelihood of successful performance without moderate to high intervention. 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 48 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS For each Git repository, user research plan, and/or design artifact, the contractor should provide identifying information: including contract and order number (if available), total contract price, estimated team size and composition, period of performance, and a reference point of contact. Experience performed more than five (5) years prior to the Offeror’s response will not be considered. The Government will evaluate the extent to which the Contractor’s previous experience with software development services for projects of a similar size, scope and complexity demonstrate its capability to successfully perform the requirements of this task order. In evaluating the quality of those services, the Government will consider, among other things, the revision history for all files in references to at least one (1) but no more than five (5) source code samples provided. The Government will also consider the user research and design-related artifacts that were associated with the source code samples provided or submitted separately. Source code samples from recent projects involving teams of approximately four to eleven full-time equivalent (FTE) personnel are preferable. Price and Final Award Decision The final award decision will be based on a trade-off between the technical evaluation factors and the price factor. The three (3) technical, non-price evaluation factors, when combined, are significantly more important than price. The Government may make an award to an Offeror that demonstrates an advantage with respect to technical, non-price factors, even if such an award would result in a higher total price to the Government. The importance of price in the evaluation may increase with the degree of equality between Offerors with respect to the non-price factors, or when the Offeror’s price is so significantly high as to diminish the value to the Government of the Offeror’s advantage in the non-price factors. Evaluation of Price The Government will evaluate the reasonableness of the evaluated price by summing the total estimated prices for the Base Period and Option Periods. The evaluated price will serve as the basis for the award determination and the assessment of price reasonableness. However, the Government does not guarantee payment of the estimated prices. The Government shall evaluate the realism of proposed prices to determine whether the offeror’s price reflects a clear understanding of the requirements and is consistent with the proposed technical approach. Unrealistically low prices may be considered indicative of a lack of understanding of the contract requirements and may result in the proposal being deemed unacceptable. Price realism analysis will be conducted as follows: 1. Evaluation of Proposed Prices: • Review the contractor’s proposed prices for labor. • Prices shall be compared against independent government cost estimates (IGCE), historical data, or benchmarks for similar contracts. 2. Assessment of Technical Approach: 19AQMM25Q0273_AMENDMENT 003 49 SBU - CONTRACTING AND ACQUISITIONS • Examine whether the proposed technical approach aligns with the proposed price. For example, if a contractor proposes a low price but includes a labor-intensive technical approach, this may raise concerns about whether the price is realistic. 3. Analysis of Cost Breakdown: • The government may request a detailed cost breakdown to understand how the contractor arrived at the proposed price. This includes labor rates, overhead, profit margins, and other cost components. 4. Risk Identification: • Identify risks associated with unrealistically high or low prices, such as insufficient staffing, inadequate resources, or reliance on unproven methods. Evaluation Support The Government may use contractors and other Federal Agencies’ subject matter experts (SMEs) to assist as non-voting members in the evaluation of the quote. These individuals will have access to any and all information contained in the contractor’s quote, but will be subject to appropriate conflict of interest, standards of conduct, and confidentiality restrictions. Use of Supporting Information In conducting its evaluation of the quote, the Government reserves the right to utilize all information available at the time of evaluation. The Government may rely on information obtained from other sources available to the Government, which include, but are not limited to: information contained in Government records, commercial sources, and information publicly available.


================================================================================
DOCUMENT: CAMP_Questions and Answers_AMEND 002.pdf
Pages: 10 | Characters: 14737
================================================================================

Department of State (DOS) CAMP Questions and Answers Reference (Document, Page #, Attachment Input to Government Government Response Pg. 20-21 19AQMM25Q0273_CAMP_FINAL According to the RFQ, the Draft Transition- In Plan is due with quote. The RFQ also states that "the Contractor shall submit all deliverables specified within this request for quote (RFQ), as well as any defined by government management, via a shared code repository." Can DOS clarify how offerors are expected to submit the Draft Transition- In plan, and in what format? Is the Draft Transition-In Plan a standalone document separate from the Technical Volume? The draft Transition-In Plan has been removed as a separate deliverable. Offerors should describe their transition-in actions as a part of the PWS. Pg. 11 19AQMM25Q0273_CAMP_FINAL According to the RFQ, Tier 2 and 3 on-call support will be performed by the Contractor. Can you please provide data of volume of Tier 2 & 3 support for existing scheduling systems and the nature of those requests? Are they service disruptions or application defects? Tier 2 and 3 support tickets include both service disruptions and application defects. For the existing scheduling systems, there are a low volume of support tickets – however, that is expected since these are legacy systems that is mature in their operations. Attachment 2_CAMP_Pricing Template Please confirm that the ODC and Travel plugs include G&A. ODCs and Travel do not include G&A. N/A Does the government intend to provide staff members on the contract any GFE laptops? GFEs are not required but can be provided if requested. Pg. 41 19AQMM25Q0273_CAMP_FINAL Can DOS please confirm that resumes and letters of intent for Key Personnel are excluded from the six-page limit for the Staffing Plan in the Volume 1 (Technical Submission)? Resumes and letters of intent for Key Personnel are excluded from the six-page limit. Security Requirements, Item H – K, pg. 29 Reference: The RFP requires that all Offerors—including the JV or subcontractors—hold a Secret-level facility clearance (FCL) prior to kickoff, as per 12 FAM 600 personnel security requirements (§12 FAM 631.2). Question: Would the Government consider waiving or removing the requirement to have an active Secret FCL as a prerequisite for contract kickoff? Please clarify if a waiver or delayed FCL is possible. RFP is updated to remove Secret clearance reference. Statement of Objectives / Problem, pg. 5 Reference: The RFP describes Agile delivery with regular sprint reviews, deliverables requiring government approval, and strict security/compliance oversight. Question: Can the Government clarify the anticipated availability of State Department Product Owners and SMEs for Agile The Government Product Manager will be fully available for all sprint ceremonies. The Product Owners will be available for all sprint reviews and sprint planning sessions. There are no required turnaround times for security or policy reviews of deliverables as they are dependent on external teams for input and clearance. ceremonies and sprint reviews? Are there required turnaround times for security or policy reviews of deliverables? Objectives, Backlog, pg. 6 Reference: The RFQ states: "The Department of State expects that the Contractor will work closely with the Product Owner(s) to perform regular user research and usability testing and to develop and prioritize a full gamut of user stories as the project progresses." Question: Who are the designated Product Owner(s) that will work with the Contractor to develop and prioritize user stories? Will there be a single Product Owner or multiple stakeholders involved in decision-making? Additionally, what is the approval process and authority levels for: • New user stories developed through ongoing user research? • Changes to existing user stories within a sprint? • UI/UX modifications identified through usability testing? • Minor design adjustments vs. major feature changes? Currently, there are two designated Product Owners from CA/EX/PAS that will work with the contractors to develop and prioritize user stories. The Government Product Manager and the Product Owners will be the main decision makers for the product. • New user stories developed through ongoing user research? o Government Product Manager and Product Owners will review and approve new user stories • Changes to existing user stories within a sprint? o Government Product Manager will approve any changes within a sprint • UI/UX modifications identified through usability testing? o Government Product Manager and Product Owners will approve any modifications • Minor design adjustments vs. major feature changes o Government Product Manager and Product Owners will approve any design adjustments and major feature changes. Quote Instructions, pg. 42 Reference: The RFQ states: "The page limitation does not include cover pages; dividers/tabs; lists of tables and exhibits; table of contents pages; and resumes." Question: Can the Government confirm that a cover letter (as distinguished from a single cover page) is permitted and will not count toward the overall page limitations for the Technical Submission? Specifically, would a one-page cover letter introducing our company, team, and approach be excluded from the page count restrictions? Resumes, cover pages, and letters of intent for Key Personnel are excluded from the six-page limit. One-page cover letter introducing company is permitted but will not be evaluated. Operating Constraints, pg. 15 Reference: The tentative timing of the first rollout to the pilot post will be in Q4 CY 2025. The government expects to roll out the MVP to other posts on legacy appointment scheduling systems in CY 2026. During this transition phase, the government expects a period of overlap when staff will have access to CAMP and other scheduling systems. • Is the current MVP incumbent or the awarded CAMP vendor expected to be responsible for the pilot rollout? o The awarded CAMP vendor will be expected to be responsible for the pilot rollout. • Can the government provide some detail around the initial pilot rollout plan? o What is the expected duration? Question: • Is the current MVP incumbent or the awarded CAMP vendor expected to be responsible for the pilot rollout? • Can the government provide some detail around the initial pilot rollout plan? o What is the expected duration? o Is it a multi-phase rollout? o Are initial pilot countries and posts identified? • Is there any anticipated need for data migration from the existing systems during the pilot phase? • Is there an expectation that the CAMP will sync appointment data with the existing systems during the pilot phase?  One month pilot o Is it a multi-phase rollout?  Yes o Are initial pilot countries and posts identified?  Yes o Is there any anticipated need for data migration from the existing systems during the pilot phase?  No need for data migration. • Is there an expectation that the CAMP will sync appointment data with the existing systems during the pilot phase? o There is no expectation for syncing appointment data with existing systems. Operating Constraints, pg. 12 Reference: These will be inherited from the platform / BESPIN team but are used by CAMP. Question: Does the BESPIN cloud The BESPIN cloud infrastructure platform has the necessary network configurations available for applying security requirements for overseas access. infrastructure platform have the necessary network configurations available for applying security requirements for overseas access? Product Vision, pg. 5 Reference: The short-term product vision is to have CAMP replace the legacy systems posts are using for American Citizen Services (ACS) scheduling. The longer-term product vision is to have CAMP also schedule Non- Immigrant Visa (NIV) and Immigrant Visa (IV) appointments. Unlike the many appointment systems being used within CA, our solution will be the one and only scheduling system that will be linked within travel.state.gov (TSG). Question: Does the government expect to launch features around visa appointment in the base year of the contract? The government expects to begin development around visa appointments in the base year but has no solidified plans on launching that capability. That timeline will be determined as we perform discovery into what the MVP for visa scheduling would look like. Security Requirements, pg. 28 Reference: The RFQ states: All contractor personnel assigned to this task order shall possess a MRPT issued by the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency (DCSA) prior to contract performance.” Question: What is the typical processing time for MRPT clearances, and can contractor Typical processing time for MRPT clearances have been around 1.5 months. Contractor personnel are able to work on unclassified tasks while clearances are pending. personnel begin work on unclassified tasks while clearances are pending? Other Direct Costs, pg. 25 Reference: The RFQ states: 'The Contractor shall bill ODCs on a cost reimbursable basis.’ Question: Are DCSA processing fees for MRPT clearances a reimbursable cost under the Other Direct Costs CLIN? DCSA processing fees will not be charged to vendors. Vendors just need to submit MRPT clearance requests to Diplomatic Security. Phase 2 Instructions, Oral Interview, pg. 41 Reference: The RFQ states: After the Government completes evaluation of Volume I – Technical Submission, Technical Factors 1, 2, and 3, the Offeror will receive a notification via e-mail. Question: Will oral interviews be conducted for all technically acceptable offerors, or only those in a competitive range? The government will down select those in a competitive range for oral interviews. Task Order Type, pg. 2 Reference: The RFQ states: 'The Government intends to utilize a hybrid task order with firm-fixed-price per sprint (FFPPS).’ Question: How will scope changes within an active sprint be handled? If new requirements Scope changes will be a discussion between the Government Product Manager and the vendor. New requirements will generally be deferred to future sprints. emerge mid-sprint, will these be addressed in the current sprint or deferred to future sprints? Operations and Transition, pg. 10 Question: When does the government expect the new CAMP award to kick-off? The government is not able to provide an estimate at this time. Key Results Anticipated Pg. 6 Reference: The RFQ mentions public customers usage of the scheduling tool. Question: While many of the tasks mention internal customers, the inclusion of public customers and applicant experience presents separate considerations — is the government currently using a CX or UXR platform to measure public customer interactions? Currently, we have plans to leverage Google Analytics 4 and Crazy Egg for measuring customer interactions with the public facing application but are not currently using additional tooling to support user research. Page 5 – Scope For “enhancing the customer experience for American Citizen Service (ACS) scheduling, develop the Non-immigration Visa (NIV) and Immigrant Visa (IV) scheduling functionality, and develop crisis management scheduling functionality” – does the Government foresee these use cases to be developed concurrently or sequentially during the period of performance? If sequential, does the Government prefer the order of development for each use-case? Is there a notional timeline for their The government currently expects ACS scheduling to be enhanced on an ongoing basis after the pilot rollout. There are enhancements in the backlog identified as non-MVP for ACS that will be prioritized. We also expect real world feedback once we roll out to more posts and anticipate changes/enhancements that need to be made. The government expects to begin development around visa appointment in the base year but has no solidified plans on launching that capability. That timeline will be determined as we perform development or does the Government desire that the Contractor provides this? discovery into what the MVP for visa scheduling would look like. Page 20 – “Period of Performance” When is the anticipated start date for the task order award? The government is not able to provide an estimate at this time. Page 8 – “Tasks to be performed” Can the Government share its expectations for how end-user feedback — particularly from overseas posts — will be incorporated into ongoing human centered design (HCD) and usability efforts during the enhancement phase of CAMP? Government expects the vendor, as the user research experts, to provide and guide efforts on strategic HCD research and analysis. Government Product Manager will help facilitate communication and collaboration with overseas posts. Page 6 – “Accessibility” Will there be any prioritization of additional language support or accessibility enhancements beyond Section 508 compliance in the upcoming product roadmap? Prioritization of additional language support or accessibility enhancements is an ongoing discussion and will need to be worked into the product roadmap in discussion with stakeholders and the vendor. Page 28 – “Security Requirements” The Security Requirements Section d) states “A MRPT is required for performance on this task order. Therefore, Form DD 254, Department of Defense (DOD) Contract Security Classification Specification (DOD- CSCS), is not required.” However, section h) states “To successfully perform under this contract/task order, the Contractor, including all entities which comprise a joint venture and the joint venture itself, is required to RFP will be updated to only reference MRPT. Secret clearance is not needed for this contract. hold a Secret clearance.” Can the government please clarify which requirement takes precedence? Pg. 40, Phase 1 “Volume I should include a proposed Performance Work Statement (PWS), consisting of a Technical Approach and a Staffing Plan, and evidence of Similar Experience . . .” Is the government looking for a contractor proposal response that includes technical approach, staffing plan, and similar experience? Or is the government looking for a detailed PWS itemizing tasks to be performed for inclusion in the solicitation? The government is looking for a proposal response that includes technical approach, staffing plan, and similar experiences. Pg. 41 Phase 1 Instructions Please clarify the page requirements. Is the government looking for the following page allocations for Volume I? 4 pages Technical Approach 6 pages Staffing Plan 15 pages Similar Experience (For a total of 25 pages) Yes, that is correct. The resumes and letters of intent are not included in the six pages of the staffing plan.

